# Unit 09 Node.js and ES6+ Homework: Developer Profile Generator
This is a command line application which prompts the user for a GitHub username and their favourite colour. It then generates a pdf profile page with its own styling containing some relevant information pulled from the user's profile.

## Approach
I started by breaking down the primary objective into individual parts. In order of desired completion I derived the following steps:

1. Ask the user for the GitHub user's username, and allow them to select a colour scheme defined in generateHTML.js
2. Collect the required information from the user's profile page using the GitHub API
3. Pass this information into the file system package to create an HTML page containing only the relevant information
4. Style the page based on the provided example
5. Using the HTML page generated by the file system, use another package to create a pdf

The package required to create the pdf from html was not specified, so I used the _html-pdf_ package. Aside from some styling issues this allowed me to create a close replica of the original HTML.

## Challenges
Long story short, most of the challenges with this project involved an unfamiliarity with the Node.JS environment. I had trouble with the AJAX call to GitHub until realizing that I required the axios package instead of the $.get method in frontend JavaScript. Generating the HTML page was unsuccessful until I learned I needed to add a "module.exports" line to the generateHTML.js file. In fact, much of this project was learning new methods unique to Node.JS that were different from JavaScript used in prior projects. I used a new method, Object.assign to add a new object entry to the data object passed to the writeToFile function, allowing the information retrieved by the AJAX call to be used more easily in the generateHTML function.

The next major challenge came from formatting the HTML page. Having been given the styling in the skeleton prior to starting, I wanted to use only these styles when creating the layout of the page. In the end, I needed to make minor adjustments to some of the styles in order to replicate the provided example pdf. While learning and understanding the new Node.js commands was difficult, this part of the project was the most headache-inducing.